# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/H-3TWM_BHhc
#### Description:
I created an app to perform register cash counts for a retail store. This is a feature that was at my first job, but as I've moved on and worked for smaller companies, they often have very analog and outdated methods for performing cash counts. Requiring the employees to count manually and add everything up on paper often leads to mistakes and as a manager, I've often made an excel spreadsheet for this purpose. For my project, I created a web app that allows easy register counting but also stores the results in a database so that they can be reviewed later. There is also a history page to see past counts and a variances page to just see counts that had variances.

Initally, you will be required to register or login, and this functionality I borrowed from pset 9 - finance. I redid some bits to take a first and last name rather than a username and an employee ID number. This information is stored in a users database. The employee number is usually generated by a company automatically, I debated doing an autoincrement but decided to just let the user put it in as you would usually get an email with that information before creating accounts. Upon logging in, every page will say 'Hello, your first name' in the top right corner so that you know you're logged in. Clicking on that or the title 'Imaginary Shop Name' will take you to the index page that has instructions for how to do a cash count and shows a table with today's counts results.

The count page has a form that allows you to select which register number you're counting, the amount of cash sales done on that register, and then the physical amount of each denomination. The app adds up the total amount of each denomination for you and adds it to the total at the bottom. The total is compared to the amount that is expected, the float amount plus the sales for the day. In retail, the float is the amount kept in the register as a baseline, in this app it is set to $200 which is common for stores that I've worked in. It is a hard coded number since that is usually something not changeable by employees but set by home office. The variance autoupdates to show if you are short, even, or over on cash and changes color accordingly. Once submitted, this count is added to a database.

The history and variance pages are very similar with the history page showing all counts and the variance page only showing counts with variances. The tables are made using jinja and the history database. Initially, they are both set to show counts from the current week, but using the dropdown menu allows you to show this week, this month, or this year. The variances and totals on these pages are also color coded for being under, even, or over. The dates of each count are links that are part of a GET method form that when you click them, takes you to a page that shows the details of that count. It uses the count ID from the database and shows all the relevant information for the count (still color coded!). This is useful for investigating any shortages or overages and has the time, date, register, and employee number listed.

I used the same general layout and styling from the Finance project from week 9. I continued to use bootstrap for styling throughout the project with a little standalone CSS as well. The count page uses Javascript to update the page dynamically as the counts are filled in and there is a seperate Javascript file for changing the colors of the variances and totals on the tables.
